- 👋 Hi, I’m @t0ink
- 👀 I’m interested in learning some C++. JAVA, Python, Android SDK, ADBd, Network Security.. Like with my router.
Google play System Update licenses.. like 'Cell Broadcast' 'DNS Resolver' 'IPSEC' 'Network Permission Configuration' 'Permission Controllers' 'APIS & Network Stack and much much more.
- 🌱 I’m currently not that great with an android. I'm fair on  Windows desktop or laptop and know a few tricks in cmd prompt.
- 💞️ I’m seeking help anyone willing to help. I'm being taken advantage by a group.. an organization. They follow family in vehicles. They even been into our house but I can't catch proof of them because they are so so well organized. They have compromised every device we own on our home network. Force us to use there DNS and use work profile and google admmin.. changer hundreds of permissions on our devices that they know when we sneeze, go to the bathroom. Leave the house.. anything 
 They essentially own us. Police don't help. Everyone is so naive that something like this is just to far fetched. Were essentially just getting terrorized. I have an 8 year old daughter and a very fragile GF.

 I'm seeking help from anyone that will listen. They been tracking our devices for almost four years and have compromised all devices in the house. Set androids to broadcast cell service. Auto update system policy updates frequently.
Allowing apps to send or receive messages without our knowledge. 'ACC3SS_INFO_PROVIDER'
'Android.Permission.USE_FULL_SCREEN_INTENT' for the App DUO.

THIS is just the tip of the iceberg. Looking for experienced White Hat that could take time to help a family find some peace.
This organization is taking it father and farther. Altering mechanics in vehicles. Stealing things in our home. 
There latest stunt is to put some kind of particles in my car on the seats that are whiteishblueish.. then once you sit you realize everything you touch it burns the skin.
I desperately need help.


Much much more I can talk about... WE EVEN BOIGHT A NEW ROUTER. THEY taken control of it and made themselves admin. No matter how many times I reset it and change the Pw and change the wifi passwords.
It's like the Network is being broadcast and to great lengths. They have a
SYSRESET on laptop. So everything reset.. just resets with all the same system apps on a windows device

Not to mention they BLOCK IVP6 and force us to use ipv4 and use there own dns and won't allow entry of different DNS. GREYED OUT.

AND IM CONSTANTLY USING 4.4 TO 4.8 GB RAM OUT OF 8 ALL THE TIME. ABOUT 70 APPS RUNS RELENTLESSLY AT 99% TO 1000% ALL DAY EVERY DAY, for example Bixby Routines is at frequency of 100%. System UI is usin 248MB (100%) and same with Z-Ram 5.4MB at 1000% ALL DAY EVERY day.

In Permissions.. WIFI CONTROL. I don't have an option to set any app to off. Greyed out and they are all forced to allow WIFI CONTROL, and on MOST apps if I can deny permissions
.. once I get down to 'phone' I cannot change it to deny. On ANY app on my SM-G996U

This organization is after us hard-core. They are trying to ruin us, for entertainment.

I can't trust any of my devices to begin to even try to jailbreak any of phones.. it's like these people block me from learning c++ or any kind of code and also won't allow me to make the changes to my phones.
Other permissions include: REQUEST_SCREEN_LOCK_COM_COMPLEXITY - for Gmail

Reroute outgoing calls, carrier_info_permission, Reroute outgoing calls, modify calender events and send email to guests without owners knowledge 

vom.samsung.android.mdx.permission.RECIEVE_MIRRORING_STATE

com.sec.android.app.ve.vebgm.permission.BGM.READ
Com.samsung.ssu.permission.NETWORK_UNLOCK

Family just wants our life back. Any WHITEHATS OUT there that can help?
